[Intro]
Hey everyone it's Hannah. I'm a third year graphic designer at Algonquin college and I want you guys to come along and get to know me a little better today.
[What Inspired You to Pursue Graphic Design?]
A little fun fact about me, I knew absolutely nothing about graphic design. I learned about it in a span of about three days,
and I was like this really intrigued me.
So I threw together a portfolio really quickly, and I told myself, okay if I get in then this is meant to be.
This is my passion. This is my career.
Sure enough, two days later I got in and I was like alright, this is it. And here we are today.
[What is your favourite colour, Pantone or hex?]
Alright my favourite hex code is #01796F. You should check it out.
[What was your favourite class in the graphic design program?]
My favourite class in the program was graphic design with Angie or computer graphics with Anish. Great teachers.
[Where do you see yourself in 5 years?]
In five years, hopefully I'm not in a pandemic. That we're not in a pandemic.
I'd love to be probably travelling around different countries and bringing my design, and learning new experiences.
[What other passions and hobbies do you have aside from graphic design?]
Other passions I have? I like to work out. Animals. And I like a good Capsule on a Friday night.
[What is your favourite Adobe application to work with?]
My favourite Adobe application is probably Illustrator.
Thanks for coming to get to know me. Make sure to stand tall and stay sweet!
[Outro]